User Stories:-
Enhancing quality of life in your community is essential and our platform, when in your hands, becomes a powerful tool for clean air advocacy. 
              
Whether you want to curtail local polluters or campaign for better quality of life, the AirBeam and AirCasting platform bring visibility to the quality of the air you and your community are breathing.
              
The credibility of your data is important and control of your data is paramount. The proven accuracy of the AirBeam’s hyperlocal measurements will enable you to create high-resolution pollution surfaces.
              
Configure the AirBeam to feed data directly to your database or just beam data to the AirCasting platform, where it can easily be visualized, shared, and exported.
              
Our low (and no) cost technologies make the platform an attractive option for all community scientists. Whether you need data for a specific advocacy campaign, or just want to limit your personal pollution exposures, the AirBeam’s hyperlocal measurements can help you visualize what you’re breathing, add credibility to your cause, and guide better daily decisions.
              
Bringing AirBeam and AirCasting to your classroom is a proven way of sparking student interest in environmental science and driving civic engagement. Students gather, analyze, and share data with the larger AirCasting community, applying mapping technology to solve real-world environmental problems via community-oriented research projects.

Issues:
Who profits from our use of environmental resources? Who suffers the consequences of pollution and environmental degradation? 

Creating and sustaining healthy and thriving neighborhood environments is a challenge, particularly in low-income neighborhoods and communities of color, who carry disproportionate environmental burdens. 

Issues from access to safe water and sanitation, air quality, access to open space, employment opportunities, healthy food, and more are issues of both environment and of justice.

Decisions from where to build a dam to where build a wastewater treatment plant to the siting of toxic facilities, truck routes, and liquor stores – and who is at the table where the decisions are made – are matters of environmental health and justice.

The Pacific Institute partners with community-based organizations and coalitions both in the U.S. and abroad to build community power to create and sustain healthy and thriving neighborhood environments. 

Building the community power to self-determine the environment they live in is the most effective and sustainable way to create solutions to environmental, economic, and health disparities. 

Bringing community voices to the decision-making process is necessary to ensure that all communities have access to environmental benefits.
